ABAEnrichment_1.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ABAData
ADAM_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
ADAMgui_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
ADAPTS_1.0.6	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
ALPS_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ChIPseeker
AMARETTO_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: curatedTCGAData
APAlyzer_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
ARRmNormalization_1.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ARRmData
AgiMicroRna_2.40.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: affycoretools
AneuFinder_1.18.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: AneuFinderData
Anthropometry_1.14	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
AquaEnv_1.0-4	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
ArrayExpressHTS_1.40.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
AutoPipe_0.1.6	Missing (filtered) dependency: ConsensusClusterPlus
AutoPipe_0.1.6	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
BACA_1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: RDAVIDWebService
BAGS_2.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: breastCancerVDX
BAwiR_1.2.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: Anthropometry
BCE_2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
BIGL_1.5.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
BIOMASS_2.1.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
BLMA_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: PADOG
BRugs_0.9-0	Manually excluded. Reason needs OpenBUGS, not in nixpkgs. Or in ubuntu. And the website change log says it hasn't updated since 2014. And the ssl certificate is expired.
BSgenome.Cfamiliaris.UCSC.canFam2.masked_1.3.99-3.12	Missing (filtered) dependency: BSgenome.Cfamiliaris.UCSC.canFam2
BSgenome.Cfamiliaris.UCSC.canFam2.masked_1.3.99-3.12	Missing (filtered) dependency: BSgenome.Cfamiliaris.UCSC.canFam2
BayLum_0.1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: Luminescence
BayesLN_0.2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: fAsianOptions
BgeeDB_2.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: topGO
BiSEp_2.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOSemSim
BioMM_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: topGO
BioMedR_1.2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOSemSim
BiocOncoTK_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: curatedTCGAData
BootWPTOS_1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: fractal
Brundle_1.0.9	Missing (filtered) dependency: DiffBind
CATALYST_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ConsensusClusterPlus
CATALYST_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FlowSOM
CBPS_0.21	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
CEMiTool_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
CEMiTool_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
CIMTx_0.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
CMatching_2.3.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
CNEr_1.26.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
COHCAP_1.36.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: COHCAPanno
CancerSubtypes_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ConsensusClusterPlus
CaseBasedReasoning_0.1	Manually excluded. Reason compilation error: mismatched types 'const T2*' and 'int' 75 |   arma::uvec order = arma::sort_index(x, sortDirection) + 1;
CeTF_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
ChAMP_2.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ChAMPdata
ChAMP_2.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DMRcate
ChAMP_2.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Illumina450ProbeVariants.db
ChAMP_2.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: goseq
ChAMP_2.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: missMethyl
ChIC_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ChIC.data
ChIPQC_1.26.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DiffBind
ChIPXpress_1.34.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ChIPXpressData
ChIPseeker_1.26.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: enrichplot
ChromSCape_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ConsensusClusterPlus
CompGO_1.26.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: RDAVIDWebService
ConsReg_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
ConsensusClusterPlus_1.54.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ALL
CopywriteR_2.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: CopyhelpeR
CornerstoneR_2.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
CovSelHigh_1.1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
CovTools_0.5.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
CreditRisk_0.1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: fOptions
CytoTree_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FlowSOM
DAPAR_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DAPARdata
DAPAR_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
DBChIP_1.34.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
DCD_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
DEGreport_1.26.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ConsensusClusterPlus
DEsubs_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
DGCA_1.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
DIMORA_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
DMCFB_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
DMRcate_2.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: missMethyl
DNLC_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
DOSE_3.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOSemSim
DiPALM_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
DiffBind_3.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: systemPipeR
DivE_1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
DiversityOccupancy_1.0.6	Missing (filtered) dependency: qpcR
DrugVsDisease_2.32.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DrugVsDiseasedata
DrugVsDisease_2.32.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: cMap2data
EDDA_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
EDDA_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
EGSEA_1.17.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: EGSEAdata
EGSEA_1.17.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: PADOG
EGSEA_1.17.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: gage
ELISAtools_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
ELMER_2.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ELMER.data
EasyqpcR_1.31.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgetsRGtk2
EnrichmentBrowser_2.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
ExpressionView_1.42.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
ExpressionView_1.42.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
FME_1.3.6.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
FREEtree_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
FatTailsR_1.7-5	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
FertBoot_0.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: nls.multstart
FishResp_1.0.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: respirometry
FlowSOM_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ConsensusClusterPlus
FoldGO_1.7.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: topGO
FunciSNP_1.34.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FunciSNP.data
GAPGOM_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
GB2group_0.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
GDCRNATools_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
GEint_0.1.5	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
GGtools_5.25.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: Homo.sapiens
GLDreg_1.0.7	Missing (filtered) dependency: GLDEX
GOGANPA_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
GOSemSim_2.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
GOSim_1.27.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
GOpro_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
GOstats_2.56.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
GRANBase_2.6.20	Missing (filtered) dependency: GRANCore
GRANBase_2.6.20	Missing (filtered) dependency: switchr
GRANCore_0.2.7	Missing (filtered) dependency: switchr
GSEABenchmarkeR_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: KEGGandMetacoreDzPathwaysGEO
GSEABenchmarkeR_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: KEGGdzPathwaysGEO
GSReg_1.24.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Homo.sapiens
GWASinlps_1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
GWENA_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
GeneExpressionSignature_1.36.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: PGSEA
GeneGeneInteR_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GGtools
GeneTonic_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
GmicR_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
HTSFilter_1.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
Homo.sapiens_1.3.1-3.12	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
HydroMe_2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
ITALICS_2.50.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ITALICSData
IUPS_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
Imetagene_1.19.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: d3heatmap
KEGGlincs_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: KOdata
LANDD_1.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOSemSim
LANDD_1.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
LLSR_0.0.2.19	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
LOST_2.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
LiquidAssociation_1.44.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: yeastCC
LogisticDx_0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
Luminescence_0.9.7	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
MAGeCKFlute_1.10.0	Manually excluded. Reason loads demap on build, which needs experimenthub
MAGeCKFlute_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
MCbiclust_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
MEAL_1.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: missMethyl
MIGSA_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
MIGSA_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
MODA_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
MPAgenomics_1.1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: cghseg
MRCE_2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: QUIC
MRPC_2.2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
MSstatsSampleSize_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: MSstats
MSstatsTMTPTM_0.99.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: MSstatsTMT
MSstatsTMT_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: MSstats
MSstats_3.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
MTE_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: parcor
MatchItEXT_0.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
MatchIt_3.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
MatchLinReg_0.7.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
MatchThem_0.9.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
MatrixRider_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TFBSTools
MetSizeR_1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgets
MetSizeR_1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgetsRGtk2
MetaCyto_1.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FlowSOM
MetaLandSim_1.0.7	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
MethReg_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: sesameData
MineICA_1.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
MoonlightR_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DOSE
MoonlightR_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TCGAbiolinks
MoonlightR_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
MortalityLaws_1.8.5	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
Mus.musculus_1.3.1-3.12	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
NST_3.0.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: iCAMP
NoRCE_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
NonlinearTSA_0.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
NormqPCR_1.36.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: qpcR
OMICsPCA_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: OMICsPCAdata
OmaDB_2.5.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: topGO
Onassis_1.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: OnassisJavaLibs
PADOG_1.32.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: KEGGdzPathwaysGEO
PANDA_0.9.9	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
PCRedux_1.0-6	Missing (filtered) dependency: qpcR
PCpheno_1.52.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
PCpheno_1.52.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ppiData
PCpheno_1.52.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ppiStats
PGA_1.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: rTANDEM
PPInfer_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: yeastExpData
PSAboot_1.1.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
PUPAIM_0.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
PVplr_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
PanelMatch_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: CBPS
Patterns_1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
PhyloProfile_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: OmaDB
Pigengene_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
PloGO2_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
PloGO2_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
Polyfit_1.24.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
PortfolioOptim_1.1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: Rsymphony
PrInCE_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
ProbitSpatial_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
Prostar_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DAPARdata
RDAVIDWebService_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
RDAVIDWebService_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
RGMQL_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: RGMQLlib
RITAN_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: RITANdata
RLumModel_0.2.7	Missing (filtered) dependency: Luminescence
RLumShiny_0.2.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: Luminescence
RNASeqR_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: systemPipeRdata
RNAinteract_1.38.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: cellHTS2
RNAither_2.38.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: prada
ROCpAI_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: fission
ROI.plugin.cplex_0.3-0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Rcplex
ROI.plugin.symphony_1.0-0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Rsymphony
ROracle_1.3-1	Manually excluded. Reason oracle oci not in nixpkgs, unfree
RQuantLib_0.4.12	Manually excluded. Reason not in nixpkgs
RUVcorr_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: bladderbatch
RUVnormalize_1.24.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: RUVnormalizeData
Rattus.norvegicus_1.3.1-3.12	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
Rblpapi_0.3.10	Manually excluded. Reason bloomberg, unfree
RchyOptimyx_2.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: flowType
Rcpi_1.26.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOSemSim
Rcplex_0.3-3	Manually excluded. Reason unfree
Rdca_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
Rdimtools_1.0.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: maotai
Rdimtools_1.0.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: maotai
ReactomePA_1.34.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DOSE
RegEnrich_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DOSE
RegEnrich_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
ReportingTools_2.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
Riemann_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: maotai
Ritc_1.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
Rmbal_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
Rmmquant_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TBX20BamSubset
RnaSeqSampleSize_2.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: RnaSeqSampleSizeData
RpeakChrom_1.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
Rquake_2.4-0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
Rsagacmd_0.0.9	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
RsqMed_0.1.7.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: GMMAT
Rsymphony_0.1-28	Manually excluded. Reason can't find SYMPHONY in nixpkgs
SAMUR_0.6	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
SBGNview_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: SBGNview.data
SCATE_1.0.0	Manually excluded. Reason loads SCATEData on build, which fails with experimenthub 'can't fail sensible if offline
SCATE_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: SCATEData
SLGI_1.50.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
SLICER_0.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: alphahull
SMITE_1.18.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: geneLenDataBase
SNAGEE_1.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: SNAGEEdata
SPsimSeq_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
ScISI_1.62.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
ScISI_1.62.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
SemDist_1.24.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
SeqGSEA_1.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
SparseTSCGM_3.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: QUIC
SpidermiR_1.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: MAGeCKFlute
StarBioTrek_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: SpidermiR
T4cluster_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Rdimtools
T4cluster_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: maotai
TCGAbiolinksGUI_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ELMER
TCGAbiolinksGUI_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TCGAbiolinks
TCGAbiolinksGUI_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TCGAbiolinksGUI.data
TCGAbiolinks_2.18.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TCGAbiolinksGUI.data
TFBSTools_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: CNEr
TIMP_1.13.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
TIN_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
TPMplt_0.1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: rowr
TimiRGeN_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
TropFishR_1.6.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: propagate
ViSEAGO_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
WGCNA_1.69	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
WhatIf_1.5-9	Missing (filtered) dependency: Zelig
Zelig_5.1.6.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
a4Base_1.38.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: annaffy
a4_1.38.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: a4Base
abundant_1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: QUIC
adSplit_1.60.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
adamethods_1.2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: Anthropometry
adapt4pv_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
adductomicsR_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: adductData
affyContam_1.48.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: affydata
affycoretools_1.62.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
afmToolkit_0.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
allestimates_0.1.9	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
alpine_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
annaffy_1.62.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
appreci8R_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: COSMIC.67
appreci8R_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Homo.sapiens
archiDART_3.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: TDA
arrayMvout_1.48.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: affyContam
artMS_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: MSstats
attract_1.42.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
bigstep_1.0.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
bioCancer_1.18.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DOSE
bioCancer_1.18.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
bioOED_0.2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
bioOED_0.2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: bioinactivation
biogrowth_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
bioinactivation_1.2.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
biplotbootGUI_1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
biscuiteer_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Homo.sapiens
biscuiteer_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Mus.musculus
biscuiteer_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: biscuiteerData
bitmexr_0.3.1	Manually excluded. Reason crypto, requires internet to build. 
bivpois_0.50-3.1	Manually excluded. Reason missing NAMESPACE
blacksheepr_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: pasilla
breakpointR_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: breakpointRdata
btergm_1.9.13	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
cape_2.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: qpcR
capm_0.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
categoryCompare_1.34.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
ccmap_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ccdata
cdom_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
cellHTS2_2.53.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: prada
cellTree_1.19.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: topGO
cellVolumeDist_1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
cellity_1.18.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: topGO
cem_1.1.20	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
chest_0.3.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
chimera_1.32.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Homo.sapiens
chipenrich_2.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: chipenrich.data
chromVAR_1.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TFBSTools
chromstaR_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: chromstaRData
cicero_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: monocle
clusterProfiler_3.18.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
cmapR_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: prada
cncaGUI_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
compEpiTools_1.23.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
compEpiTools_1.23.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: topGO
compartmap_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Homo.sapiens
consensusDE_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: airway
coseq_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: HTSFilter
cosmiq_1.24.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: faahKO
cpd_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: fAsianOptions
cplexAPI_1.4.0	Manually excluded. Reason unfree, cplex not in nixpkgs
crossmeta_1.15.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ccmap
ctgGEM_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: HSMMSingleCell
cytofast_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FlowSOM
dGAselID_1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: ALL
debrowser_1.18.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
diffGeneAnalysis_1.72.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
diffcoexp_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
diffcyt_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FlowSOM
downscale_3.0-1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
drugCombo_1.1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
echo.find_4.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
eclust_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
econet_0.1.92	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
eegc_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
eiR_1.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: gespeR
enrichTF_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TFBSTools
enrichTF_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
enrichplot_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DOSE
enrichplot_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOSemSim
epihet_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
ergMargins_0.1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: btergm
erma_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Homo.sapiens
esATAC_1.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TFBSTools
esATAC_1.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
estprod_1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
exp2flux_0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: gage
explorase_1.53.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: rggobi
fCertificates_0.5-4	Missing (filtered) dependency: fOptions
fExoticOptions_3042.80	Missing (filtered) dependency: fOptions
fExpressCertificates_1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: fCertificates
fExpressCertificates_1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: fOptions
fairml_0.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: optiSolve
famat_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
fastLiquidAssociation_1.26.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: LiquidAssociation
fastLiquidAssociation_1.26.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
fcoex_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
flagme_1.46.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: gcspikelite
flippant_1.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
flippant_1.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: wmtsa
flowPloidy_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
flowSpy_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FlowSOM
forestmangr_0.9.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
gQTLstats_1.21.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: Homo.sapiens
gage_2.40.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
gen5helper_1.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
geneXtendeR_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
germinationmetrics_0.1.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
gespeR_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: cellHTS2
goProfiles_1.52.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
goSTAG_1.13.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
goTools_1.64.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
goTools_1.64.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
goseq_1.42.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
goseq_1.42.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: geneLenDataBase
gpart_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Homo.sapiens
growthcurver_0.3.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
growthrates_0.8.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
gsean_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: PPInfer
h5vc_2.24.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: h5vcData
hit_0.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
iCAMP_1.2.9	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
ibh_1.38.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: simpIntLists
ideal_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
ideal_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
ideal_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: pcaExplorer
imageHTS_1.40.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: cellHTS2
immcp_0.9.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
isomiRs_1.18.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DEGreport
jsmodule_1.1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
kmcudaR_1.1.0	Manually excluded. Reason cuda not in nixpkgs, removed from cran
lmdme_1.32.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: stemHypoxia
ltmle_1.2-0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
mCSEA_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Homo.sapiens
mCSEA_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: mCSEAdata
maGUI_2.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
maGUI_2.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
maGUI_2.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
maPredictDSC_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: LungCancerACvsSCCGEO
maotai_0.1.7	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
marcher_0.0-2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
mcaGUI_1.37.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgets
mcaGUI_1.37.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgetsRGtk2
mdgsa_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
mdsOpt_0.5-1	Missing (filtered) dependency: symbolicDA
meshes_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DOSE
meshes_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOSemSim
metagene2_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DBChIP
metagene_2.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DBChIP
metaseqR_1.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
methimpute_1.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
methylCC_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FlowSorted.Blood.450k
methylGSA_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
methylGSA_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: missMethyl
miRLAB_1.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
miRLAB_1.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Roleswitch
miRSM_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
miRSM_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: miRspongeR
miRcomp_1.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: miRcompData
miRspongeR_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
micEconCES_0.9-8	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
missMethyl_1.24.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
mixchar_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
mixtox_1.3.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
molaR_4.5	Missing (filtered) dependency: alphahull
monocle_2.18.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: HSMMSingleCell
mosaic.find_0.1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
motifmatchr_1.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TFBSTools
msgbsR_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: easyRNASeq
multiHiCcompare_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: BLMA
multibiplotGUI_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
mvGPS_1.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: CBPS
mwa_0.4.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: cem
neatmaps_2.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ConsensusClusterPlus
netboost_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
netboxr_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
netdiffuseR_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
nls.multstart_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
nlstimedist_2.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
npsp_0.7-5	Manually excluded. Reason fortran build issue. Todo
onls_0.1-1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
optiSel_2.0.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: optiSolve
optiSolve_0.1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
optimalFlow_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: optimalFlowData
ora_2.0-1	Missing (filtered) dependency: ROracle
oro.pet_0.2.6	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
pageRank_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: motifmatchr
paramGUI_2.1.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: TIMP
pathVar_1.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
pcaExplorer_2.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
pcaExplorer_2.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
pcxn_2.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: pcxnData
peakPantheR_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
permGPU_0.14.9	Manually excluded. Reason cuda not in nixpkgs, removed from cran
phemd_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: monocle
photosynthesis_2.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
phytotools_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
plantecowrap_1.0.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
pmclust_0.2-0	Missing (filtered) dependency: pbdDMAT
ppiStats_1.56.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ppiData
primirTSS_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TFBSTools
proBatch_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
proFIA_1.15.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
prob_1.0-1	Missing (filtered) dependency: fAsianOptions
profileplyr_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ChIPseeker
propagate_1.0-6	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
psygenet2r_1.21.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
pterrace_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TDA
pwrEWAS_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: pwrEWAS.data
qpcR_1.4-1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
r.jive_2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: SpatioTemporal
rAmCharts4_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
rangeBuilder_1.5	Missing (filtered) dependency: alphahull
rbounds_2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
rcellminer_2.11.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: rcellminerData
respirometry_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
restez_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: MonetDBLite
restfulSE_1.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
rfVarImpOOB_1.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: prob
rgsepd_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
rmRNAseq_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: splineTimeR
rnaSeqMap_2.48.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
rrvgo_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
samExploreR_1.13.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: RNAseqData.HNRNPC.bam.chr14
sapFinder_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: rTANDEM
scClassify_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
scGPS_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
scRNAtools_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: ALL
scTensor_2.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
semds_0.9-6	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
seq2pathway_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: seq2pathway.data
seqCNA_1.36.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: seqCNA.annot
sesame_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: sesameData
sfadv_1.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
shapes_1.2.5	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
shinyTANDEM_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: rTANDEM
sicegar_0.2.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
signatureSearch_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: clusterProfiler
simplifyEnrichment_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
singleCellTK_2.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GSVAdata
singleCellTK_2.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TENxPBMCData
singleCellTK_2.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: scRNAseq
smurf_1.0.6	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
sojourner_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
spant_1.7.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
spatialHeatmap_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: WGCNA
splineTimeR_1.18.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FIs
spsh_1.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
staRank_1.32.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: cellHTS2
staRdom_1.1.14	Missing (filtered) dependency: cdom
stacomiR_0.5.4.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgets
stacomiR_0.5.4.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgetsRGtk2
survtmle_1.1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
switchrGist_0.2.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: switchr
switchr_0.14.3	Manually excluded. Reason R package managment (not necessary on Nix). Cannot open the connection to 'http://bioconductor.org/config.yaml'
symbolicDA_0.6-2	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
systemPipeR_1.24.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
systemPipeR_1.24.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GOstats
tRanslatome_1.27.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
takos_0.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
temperatureresponse_0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
tenXplore_1.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: restfulSE
tensorregress_3.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
testextra_0.1.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: parsetools
tidyMicro_1.47	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
topGO_2.41.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: GO.db
topsa_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TDA
tradeSeq_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: monocle
transcriptogramer_1.11.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: topGO
treespace_1.1.3.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: RLumShiny
tumgr_0.0.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
uSORT_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: monocle
uncoverappLib_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Homo.sapiens
userfriendlyscience_0.7.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
vulcan_1.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
waveformlidar_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
webbioc_1.62.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: annaffy
yriMulti_0.19.0-3.12	Missing (filtered) dependency: dsQTL
yriMulti_0.19.0-3.12	Missing (filtered) dependency: geuvPack