AMARETTO_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: curatedTCGAData
APAlyzer_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
Anthropometry_1.14	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
AquaEnv_1.0-4	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
ArrayExpressHTS_1.40.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
BAwiR_1.2.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: Anthropometry
BCE_2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
BIGL_1.5.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
BIOMASS_2.1.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
BRugs_0.9-0	Manually excluded. Reason needs OpenBUGS, not in nixpkgs. Or in ubuntu. And the website change log says it hasn't updated since 2014. And the ssl certificate is expired.
BSgenome.Cfamiliaris.UCSC.canFam2.masked_1.3.99-3.12	Missing (filtered) dependency: BSgenome.Cfamiliaris.UCSC.canFam2
BSgenome.Cfamiliaris.UCSC.canFam2.masked_1.3.99-3.12	Missing (filtered) dependency: BSgenome.Cfamiliaris.UCSC.canFam2
BayLum_0.1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: Luminescence
BayesLN_0.2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: fAsianOptions
BiocOncoTK_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: curatedTCGAData
BootWPTOS_1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: fractal
CBPS_0.21	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
CIMTx_0.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
CMatching_2.3.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
CaseBasedReasoning_0.1	Manually excluded. Reason compilation error: mismatched types 'const T2*' and 'int' 75 |   arma::uvec order = arma::sort_index(x, sortDirection) + 1;
ConsReg_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
CornerstoneR_2.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
CovSelHigh_1.1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
CovTools_0.5.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
CreditRisk_0.1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: fOptions
DAPAR_1.22.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: DAPARdata
DBChIP_1.34.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
DEsubs_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
DIMORA_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
DMCFB_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
DeSousa2013_1.26.0-3.12	Missing (filtered) dependency: hgu133plus2frmavecs
DivE_1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
DiversityOccupancy_1.0.6	Missing (filtered) dependency: qpcR
EDDA_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
EDDA_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
ELISAtools_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
EasyqpcR_1.31.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgetsRGtk2
FME_1.3.6.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
FatTailsR_1.7-5	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
FertBoot_0.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: nls.multstart
FishResp_1.0.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: respirometry
FunciSNP_1.34.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FunciSNP.data
GB2group_0.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
GEint_0.1.5	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
GLDreg_1.0.7	Missing (filtered) dependency: GLDEX
GRANBase_2.6.20	Missing (filtered) dependency: GRANCore
GRANBase_2.6.20	Missing (filtered) dependency: switchr
GRANCore_0.2.7	Missing (filtered) dependency: switchr
GWASinlps_1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
GeneExpressionSignature_1.36.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: PGSEA
HTSFilter_1.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
HydroMe_2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
IUPS_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
Imetagene_1.19.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: d3heatmap
LLSR_0.0.2.19	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
LOST_2.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
LogisticDx_0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
Luminescence_0.9.7	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
MAGeCKFlute_1.10.0	Manually excluded. Reason loads demap on build, which needs experimenthub
MPAgenomics_1.1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: cghseg
MRCE_2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: QUIC
MSstatsSampleSize_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: MSstats
MSstatsTMTPTM_0.99.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: MSstatsTMT
MSstatsTMT_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: MSstats
MSstats_3.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
MTE_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: parcor
MatchItEXT_0.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
MatchIt_3.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
MatchLinReg_0.7.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
MatchThem_0.9.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
MetSizeR_1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgets
MetSizeR_1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgetsRGtk2
MetaLandSim_1.0.7	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
MethReg_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: sesameData
MortalityLaws_1.8.5	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
NST_3.0.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: iCAMP
NonlinearTSA_0.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
NormqPCR_1.36.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: qpcR
PCRedux_1.0-6	Missing (filtered) dependency: qpcR
PGA_1.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: rTANDEM
PSAboot_1.1.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
PUPAIM_0.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
PVplr_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
PanelMatch_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: CBPS
Polyfit_1.24.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
PortfolioOptim_1.1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: Rsymphony
PrInCE_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
ProbitSpatial_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
Prostar_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DAPARdata
RLumModel_0.2.7	Missing (filtered) dependency: Luminescence
RLumShiny_0.2.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: Luminescence
RNASeqR_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: systemPipeRdata
RNAinteract_1.38.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: cellHTS2
RNAither_2.38.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: prada
ROI.plugin.cplex_0.3-0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Rcplex
ROI.plugin.symphony_1.0-0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Rsymphony
ROracle_1.3-1	Manually excluded. Reason oracle oci not in nixpkgs, unfree
RQuantLib_0.4.12	Manually excluded. Reason not in nixpkgs
Rblpapi_0.3.10	Manually excluded. Reason bloomberg, unfree
RchyOptimyx_2.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: flowType
Rcplex_0.3-3	Manually excluded. Reason unfree
Rdca_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
Rdimtools_1.0.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: maotai
Rdimtools_1.0.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: maotai
Riemann_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: maotai
Ritc_1.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
Rmbal_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
RpeakChrom_1.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
Rquake_2.4-0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
Rsagacmd_0.0.9	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
RsqMed_0.1.7.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: GMMAT
Rsymphony_0.1-28	Manually excluded. Reason can't find SYMPHONY in nixpkgs
SAMUR_0.6	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
SBGNview_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: SBGNview.data
SCATE_1.0.0	Manually excluded. Reason loads SCATEData on build, which fails with experimenthub 'can't fail sensible if offline
SCATE_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: SCATEData
SLICER_0.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: alphahull
SeqGSEA_1.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
SparseTSCGM_3.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: QUIC
SpidermiR_1.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: MAGeCKFlute
StarBioTrek_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: SpidermiR
T4cluster_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Rdimtools
T4cluster_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: maotai
TCGAbiolinksGUI_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: sesame
TIMP_1.13.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
TPMplt_0.1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: rowr
TropFishR_1.6.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: propagate
WhatIf_1.5-9	Missing (filtered) dependency: Zelig
Zelig_5.1.6.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
abundant_1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: QUIC
adamethods_1.2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: Anthropometry
adapt4pv_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
afmToolkit_0.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
allestimates_0.1.9	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
alpine_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
archiDART_3.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: TDA
artMS_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: MSstats
bigstep_1.0.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
bioOED_0.2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
bioOED_0.2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: bioinactivation
biogrowth_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
bioinactivation_1.2.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
biplotbootGUI_1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
bitmexr_0.3.1	Manually excluded. Reason crypto, requires internet to build. 
bivpois_0.50-3.1	Manually excluded. Reason missing NAMESPACE
blacksheepr_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: pasilla
btergm_1.9.13	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
cape_2.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: qpcR
capm_0.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
cdom_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
cellHTS2_2.54.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: prada
cellVolumeDist_1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
cem_1.1.20	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
chest_0.3.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
cmapR_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: prada
cncaGUI_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
coseq_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: HTSFilter
cpd_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: fAsianOptions
cplexAPI_1.4.0	Manually excluded. Reason unfree, cplex not in nixpkgs
diffGeneAnalysis_1.72.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
downscale_3.0-1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
drugCombo_1.1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
echo.find_4.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
econet_0.1.92	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
eiR_1.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: gespeR
epifitter_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
ergMargins_0.1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: btergm
estprod_1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
explorase_1.53.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: rggobi
fCertificates_0.5-4	Missing (filtered) dependency: fOptions
fExoticOptions_3042.80	Missing (filtered) dependency: fOptions
fExpressCertificates_1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: fCertificates
fExpressCertificates_1.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: fOptions
facsDorit_1.32.0-3.12	Missing (filtered) dependency: prada
fairml_0.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: optiSolve
flippant_1.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
flippant_1.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: wmtsa
flowPloidy_1.16.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
forestmangr_0.9.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
gen5helper_1.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
germinationmetrics_0.1.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
gespeR_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: cellHTS2
growthcurver_0.3.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
growthrates_0.8.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
hit_0.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
iCAMP_1.2.9	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
imageHTS_1.40.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: cellHTS2
jsmodule_1.1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
kmcudaR_1.1.0	Manually excluded. Reason cuda not in nixpkgs, removed from cran
ltmle_1.2-0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
mCSEA_1.10.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: mCSEAdata
maotai_0.1.8	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
marcher_0.0-2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
mcaGUI_1.37.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgets
mcaGUI_1.37.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgetsRGtk2
mdsOpt_0.5-1	Missing (filtered) dependency: symbolicDA
metagene2_1.6.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DBChIP
metagene_2.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DBChIP
metaseqR_1.30.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
methimpute_1.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
miRLAB_1.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Roleswitch
micEconCES_0.9-8	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
mixchar_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
mixtox_1.3.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
molaR_4.5	Missing (filtered) dependency: alphahull
mosaic.find_0.1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
msgbsR_1.14.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: easyRNASeq
multibiplotGUI_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
mvGPS_1.0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: CBPS
mwa_0.4.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: cem
netdiffuseR_1.22.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: MatchIt
nls.multstart_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
nlstimedist_2.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
npsp_0.7-5	Manually excluded. Reason fortran build issue. Todo
onls_0.1-1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
optiSel_2.0.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: optiSolve
optiSolve_0.1.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
ora_2.0-1	Missing (filtered) dependency: ROracle
oro.pet_0.2.6	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
paramGUI_2.1.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: TIMP
pathVar_1.20.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
peakPantheR_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
permGPU_0.14.9	Manually excluded. Reason cuda not in nixpkgs, removed from cran
photosynthesis_2.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
phytotools_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
plantecowrap_1.0.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
plasFIA_1.18.0-3.12	Missing (filtered) dependency: proFIA
pmclust_0.2-0	Missing (filtered) dependency: pbdDMAT
proFIA_1.15.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
prob_1.0-1	Missing (filtered) dependency: fAsianOptions
propagate_1.0-6	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
pterrace_1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TDA
qpcR_1.4-1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
r.jive_2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: SpatioTemporal
rAmCharts4_1.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
rangeBuilder_1.5	Missing (filtered) dependency: alphahull
rbounds_2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: Matching
respirometry_1.2.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
restez_1.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: MonetDBLite
rfVarImpOOB_1.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: prob
rnaSeqMap_2.48.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
sapFinder_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: rTANDEM
scClassify_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
scGPS_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
semds_0.9-6	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
sesame_1.8.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: sesameData
sfadv_1.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
shapes_1.2.5	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
shinyTANDEM_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: rTANDEM
sicegar_0.2.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
singleCellTK_2.0.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: scRNAseq
smurf_1.0.6	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
sojourner_1.4.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
spant_1.7.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
spsh_1.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: FME
staRank_1.32.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: cellHTS2
staRdom_1.1.14	Missing (filtered) dependency: cdom
stacomiR_0.5.4.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgets
stacomiR_0.5.4.3	Missing (filtered) dependency: gWidgetsRGtk2
survtmle_1.1.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
switchrGist_0.2.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: switchr
switchr_0.14.3	Manually excluded. Reason R package managment (not necessary on Nix). Cannot open the connection to 'http://bioconductor.org/config.yaml'
symbolicDA_0.6-2	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
tRanslatome_1.28.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
takos_0.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
temperatureresponse_0.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
tensorregress_3.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: speedglm
testextra_0.1.0.1	Missing (filtered) dependency: parsetools
tidyMicro_1.47	Missing (filtered) dependency: shapes
topsa_0.1.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: TDA
treespace_1.1.3.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: RLumShiny
tumgr_0.0.4	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
userfriendlyscience_0.7.2	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm
vulcan_1.12.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: DESeq
waveformlidar_1.2.0	Missing (filtered) dependency: minpack.lm